md: aside consistency (#34)
lamps-wg/kyber-certificates: draft-ietf-lamps-kyber-certificates.md

key certificates. The encoding for public and private keys are also
provided.

> <aside markdown="block">
> : This document is not expected to be finalized before the NIST PQC
>   Project has standardized PQ algorithms. This specification will use
>   object identifiers for the new algorithms that are assigned by NIST,
>   and will use placeholders until these are released.
> </aside>

Author: ```suggestion
\ [EDNOTE:
This document is not expected to be finalized before the NIST PQC
Project has standardized PQ algorithms. This specification will use
object identifiers for the new algorithms that are assigned by NIST,
and will use placeholders until these are released.
```
